half meter snowdrifts and blizzards and
severe frosts in Canadian province
british columbia came snowfall
what have they not seen since the beginning
sixties say that snow on the streets
and in the courtyards means not much
nothing converge site dope
and those who end the person who dares
leave the house without a shovel will not pass
far locals have to
clearing your way meter by meter not
to mention that to dig out
snow cover their cars however
people have plenty of time
due to weather surprises of many
released from work closed schools
public transport is intermittent
In addition, some families were left without
light no less difficult situation in
the province of ontario there certainly is not
there was a weather disaster but problems
anyway a lot
one of them is strong ice the other
snowbound road marking one
from the inhabitants of the region even prepared by
about this amateur report about
the worker woke up completely
wild n out on babam
anakin well, and this movie allows
Compare the street of the Canadian city Petimat
Last summer and this winter is difficult
believe it is the same
settlement under the snow the same streets
began to look completely different
By the way, these shots were taken with
drone so estimate the scale
hitting the elements is possible from the height of the bird
flight
avalanche came down from the roof in Omsk and
it was not in the mountains but on the city
street according to witnesses it happened
after a heavy snow fall precipitation
so much that pass along houses
it became dangerous in this case without
affected
except that I fell asleep
parked car but in croatia
on the car could not fall no dream what
what is more serious is a fragment of the facade
buildings a piece of foam concrete impressive
sizing suddenly fell off the wall and
crashed right onto the roadway
Car owner lucky if it happened
chips a second later his transport
the remedy would get serious
damage about the injury itself
Internet users are discussing brave
the act of the American police
who rescued a man from enveloped
the flame of the car this happened to the state
Florida on Christmas night on video
the county sheriff published only
now
do you want a black man on your
Lexus and flew into a ditch
the car instantly caught fire
emerged in place state of emergency patrol
acted lightning smashed
flashlight side window and pulled out
unconscious driver it was given
it is not easy to fire with every second
inflamed more and more
it turned out that the victim at the time
the accident was on drugs besides he
breathed smoke and got burned
users write now saved
may consider December 25th its second
Happy Brithday
and the policemen awarded medals for
courage
more in the lens of the recorder hit
chaotic drift on the winter track
BMW car at high speed
flew to a slippery area and became
unruly and and started to throw something
left right then spun and a couple of times
struck on metal bumpers to
get away from the collision author roller
had to slow down
his car also turned 180
degrees in this accident no one was hurt
BMW driver and passenger independently
got out of the broken car and gestures
made it clear to the others that everything is with them
order and life users network lik
discuss a completely different drift not on
winter road and in the hot desert toyota
rapidly overclock on the slopes but also
and the wheels were taken away and started to throw in
all sides the fountains of sand car brought
after a few seconds SUV
fell over on its side and tumbled somewhat
once rolled down
where almost fit in from standing
cars about the fate of the driver
nothing is known in youtube recruit
Popularity video with dancing owls
the birds got interested in the camera
installed on the lawn of one of the houses
their unusual movement the author of the video
accompanied by music a little montage and here
what happened